Such an American viewpoint.
Switch to Linux, where violations are the norm.
Look -- did you read the manual page?
Looking forward to you providing code which solves the problem.
So the original idea wasn't yours.  And now you think it can't work.  And you are still talking about it.  I see.  Very interesting.
You've seen something on the shelf, and it has all sorts of pretty colurs, and you've bought it.
Well there is this funny story about when I hacked into RMS's firmware-driven keyboard controller, and managed to grap his root password.
Let's get serious and personal here for a second.  In other aspects of life, do you behave the same?
This is idle chatter hoping someone supplies some secret sauce that makes a disparate audience with different demands all happy.
The OpenBSD process is quite well understood.  Use the best methods, doubt what you do, refractor.
Let me be blunt. Your advice is bad.
I don't understand society is producing a generation of people incapable of self-help.
In the interests of full disclosure, do you work for the government or sell to the government?
So that is the reason why my car stereo has two sets of volume control knobs..... with the second set located inside the engine compartment, so I have to stop at the side of the road, pop open the hood, and reach down along the hot engine to near where the oil filter is.
It is theoretically possible to give a loaded gun to a baby; things will probably work out fine.
Standing alone, "compatibility with FOO" is not a very strong argument.  What next, "compatibility with Xenix and Windows"?
Buttons are for idiots.
Hardly surprising. Apple. They build crap and make you pay extra. 
I work on OpenBSD fulltime, as the project leader. I set some directions, increase communication between the developers, and try to be involved in nearly every aspect of the base system.
GPL fans said the great problem we would face is that companies would take our BSD code, modify it, and not give back. Nope—the great problem we face is that people would wrap the GPL around our code, and lock us out in the same way that these supposed companies would lock us out. Just like the Linux community, we have many companies giving us code back, all the time. But once the code is GPL'd, we cannot get it back.
Why are you guys so fork paranoid? Do you want everyone to vote for the same political party, too?
I think your computer science teachers are still teaching you from books written in the 80's, when the word "micro-kernel" was associated with a future utopia.
But software which OpenBSD uses and redistributes must be free to all (be they people or companies), for any purpose they wish to use it, including modification, use, peeing on, or even integration into baby mulching machines or atomic bombs to be dropped on Australia.
You did not create these mailing lists, so you can take your opinions about why these lists were created and shove them up your ass.
I am simply astounded at some of the things people keep repeating. I don't mean this applies to everyone, but is there a high quantity of attention deficit disorder in our user community? Or retards? Or is it just the same old trolling? OpenBSD does not incorporate non-free software.
Scaling isn't really our concern; I barely know what the word means. There is one group of people who we do know scales. Whiners. They scale really well.
I am very easy to get along with, but I don't have time to waste being nice to people who are being stupid.
Hardly surprising. Apple. They build crap and make you pay extra.
You are absolutely deluded, if not stupid, if you think that a worldwide collection of software engineers who can't write operating systems or applications without security holes, can then turn around and suddenly write virtualization layers without security holes.
In the modern world of search engines, this question lands at the same level as trolling.
You are very confused.
Have you considered trying to live 100% without our software?
Your grief would seem more sincere if didn't look like a shopping list.
You enabled things which are disabled for a good reason.
No, please, don't explain.
Noone deserves anything from us.  People get good things, and they are happy.  The developers in this project do the best they can writing innovative software, and will not accept preaching from pompous self-entitled American pricks like you.
I believe you deserve to stop running the software.
You made a decision to keep running code that old, and thus you are on your own.  You won't spend time figuring out which one of our changes over 2 years might fix the problem you are having, and we won't either.
One word can change the meaning of a sentence.  You failed at what you intended, and you also confused people.
If you have endured a real bug for a long time, and not filed a bug report to have it fixed.. and then feel it is your right to scold people who attempt to explain the bug, then quite frankly, then YOU TOTALLY SUCK.
You are astoundingly naive.  We simply don't need the grief of entertaining users like you.
User is using a heavily tuned kernel and refuses to listen to advice about de-tuning all those things; as a result, noone can help him.
All the many eyes are apparently attached to a lot of hands that type lots of words about many eyes, and never actually audit code.
I am so bloody dissapointed in the community that uses our stuff.
You are using FreeBSD, aren't you.
I should probably ask -- did you even read the panic?  Is the wording too poor to understand (and thus result in peeking at the code) or is the problem above the keyboard?
Since your PR contains absolutely zero information about your machine I am sending you back to kindergarden.  Because you totally suck.
God god, do you live in some stupid fantasy world?
You already have a prompt that asks you that question.
Thanks for telling me do so some reading, but a google of your name on these mailing lists will show a 10 year pattern of you not being able to self-help.  Something to do with your parents, probably.
Hey look everyone, it's another uneducated user mouthing off on a noisy mailing list.  He goes blah blah blah, loving the sound of his own noise.
You are killing us with hyperbole.  It is now hard to take anything you say seriously.
Your usage case is "Give me a button to push".
No.  You must be at least this tall to use OpenBSD; sorry -- you are a midget.
You'll experience anguish, and then if you try to ask for sympathy a lot of people will laugh at you.
Oh sorry, I forgot to think like an American for a second there.
If you have so many ideas you should go ahead and start your own project.  Good luck building a successfull project based on 'ideas'.
Tell linus.  You can google for his email address. 
Can you please stop acting as if you are smarter than us?  I am sorry to say it, but we have thought this through for many hours by the time you show up to "play system designer".
Perhaps we made mistakes.  Perhaps they'll be changed. But you are just spouting bullshit.
I am not being sarcastic.  I truly am sick of having my time wasted.
Your sense of self-importance just makes other people not even want to try.
We are not believers in buttons.  Knobs are for knobs.
Whatever you did does not do what you think it does.  In fact, I bet it is doing exactly the opposite of what you think it does.
If some of you people keep insisting on having backwards compatibitity with the stone age, we'll have stone tools forever.
To me it sounds like you are used to paying a lot, and now you expect the same from us, who you don't pay at all.  That is a rude approach.
We try our best to make it the best.  Do you try your best to help us?  I doubt it.  So we try the best we can without people like you helping us.
Why hold people who you don't pay to a higher standard than the people who you do pay?
What happened is that you thought it was time to say something useless, which adds no value to the conversation.
I see other projects falling into this problem all the time.  It is awesome.
c++ is a pile of crap.
God bless the people who employ you, they need the blessing.
Lacking a terse starting point, soon we have users who don't know where to start.
Why haven't you left? Please leave. Please leave immediately.
i was up at 9am, climbed a mountain, hiked 6 km through 4ft deep slush (the image you are supposed to get is of 12 million overturned slurpee cups, and of geting your groin wet in slurpee), nearly died eating beef vindaloo, wrote some code, talked on the phone, wrote mail, and now it's almost 4am and this is absolutely beyond ridiculous.
Since you don't supply diffs, you are a waste of skin.
With your attitude, I beg you to please go run some other operating system.
I suspect money which goes into your bank account comes from an entity not quite on the same side as us.
This is idle chatter hoping someone supplies some secret sauce that makes a disparate audience with different demands all happy.
Don't waste your money on a false ideal by someone who misunderstands modern hardware and the market forces.
The problem is you don't pay it backwards.  You don't pay it forward. You don't pay at all.  You just beg.
If you don't understand how computers and networking work, I'm sure you can find another job.
If you really wanted it fixed you have the src code.
You are welcome to spend your time building an entire new subsystem and proving the value of your work.
It's like the TV advertisement of the monk who protects turtles and bugs, but then kills germs when he sneezes into kleenex -- what a shock; but that is a funny advertisement.  Richard is not a funny advertisement.
fully BSD licensed floppies, neat eh
After about 35 pieces of email, Amazon is still being completely retarded over this issue. I'm on the edge of giving up. I will not spend more time on it. Well I will send them perhaps one more piece of email about it, and it's not going to be pretty.
I cannot do that. I think you are completly missing out on what this is all about: It is known as Free software. That means, that unless we whine, we get no money.
High school teachers are not going to use OpenBSD.  They are going to use Windows.  Sorry, but once again you are trying to convince a bunch of programmers to do something that they don't want to do.  We want to make better code.
